feat: Add docs for replay tree shaking flags (#8313)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/common/configuration/tree-shaking/index.mdx

: Replacing this flag with `false` will tree shake all code in the SDK that is related to performance monitoring.
**Attention:** `__SENTRY_TRACING__` must not be replaced with `false` when you're using any performance monitoring-related SDK features (e.g. `Sentry.startTransaction()`). This flag is intended to be used in combination with packages like `@sentry/next` or `@sentry/sveltekit`, which automatically include performance monitoring functionality.

`__RRWEB_EXCLUDE_CANVAS__`

> : Replacing this flag with `true` will tree shake all code in the SDK that is related capturing canvas elements with Session Replay. This is only relevant when using [Session Replay](../../session-replay/). You can enable this flag if you don't have any canvas elements on your page you care to record.

Reviewer: Instead of the relative links we should likely be using platform links here right?

Author: but with the relative links, it should work on the platforms, shouldn't it? E.g. if you are in react you should remain in react..?

Reviewer 2: might be a problem with the root JS docs vs guides:

> https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/session-replay/configuration/

vs

> https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/angular/session-replay/configuration/

But we can check with the preview deploy (and CI should fail fwiw)

Reviewer: Hm, just checked. Seems to work fine so disregard! I could swear at one point these relative links would mess things up and end up linking to the generic guides instead.

Author: actually we have a pretty decent link lint step which checks if the links are valid everywhere!

Author: (FWIW the `lint:links` command actually found some issue there, mainly that the link does not work for wasm and cordova 😅 fixed that! good CI!)

> : Replacing this flag with `true` will tree shake all code in the SDK that is related capturing canvas elements with Session Replay. This is only relevant when using [Session Replay](../../session-replay/). You can enable this flag if you don't have any canvas elements on your page you care to record.

Author: Technically you want to replace this flag in your source code, that's what the user has to do. You can't really "set" this anywhere - what you have to do is, however your build step looks like, make sure it replaces all occurrences of e.g. `__RRWEB_EXLUDE_CANVAS__` with `true`.

`__RRWEB_EXCLUDE_IFRAME__`

> : Replacing this flag with `true` will tree shake all code in the SDK that is related capturing iframe content with Session Replay. This is only relevant when using [Session Replay](../../session-replay/). You can enable this flag if you don't have any iframes on your page you care to record.

Reviewer 2: I realize the following ones also start with 'replace with true' where my suggestion above starts by clarifying this is relevant to Session Replay.

How about being clear at the top under a header 
```
### Session Replay

The following options are specific for Session Replay users. If you're not using Session Replay, (by adding `new Replay()` integration) these will not take any effect in your final bundle size
```

then we can skip being specific about it in each entry

Author: hmm not 100% sure, then we need to basically reorganize all of this, as for consistency then we should have a section (?) for performance (`__SENTRY_TRACE__`) as well 🤔 There would be a bunch of headings then, e.g.:

## List of Flags

### Common Flags

`__SENTRY_DEBUG__`: 

....

### Performance

`__SENTRY_TRACE__`: 

...

### Session Replay

`__RRWEB_EXCLUDE_CANVAS__`: 

...

`__RRWEB_EXCLUDE_IFRAME__`: 

...

`__RRWEB_EXCLUDE_SHADOW_DOM__`: 

...

--> Do we like this better?

Reviewer 3: I don't think this matters too much overall but if we go with this categorization, `__SENTRY_DEBUG__` and `__SENTRY_TRACING__` should both be under "common" because they remove bytes from the core SDK, while the Replay flags are only relevant when using replay.

`__RRWEB_EXCLUDE_SHADOW_DOM__`

: Replacing this flag with `true` will tree shake all code in the SDK that is related capturing shadow dom elements with Session Replay. This is only relevant when using [Session Replay](../../session-replay/). You can enable this flag if you don't have any shadow dom elements on your page you care to record.

> <PlatformSection notSupported={["javascript.nextjs", 'javascript.sveltekit', 'javascript.remix']}>

Reviewer: Astro too I believe. @Lms24 ?

Reviewer 3: The Astro SDK currently doesn't expose Vite plugin options except for a few hand-picked ones to avoid depending on the plugin's API. I can update the SDK though to include this new API.

Reviewer: > (I guess that's the downside of not just passing through plugin options)

Yup that's a bit annoying, but I would say it is worth not having to break.

Stupid thought: We could have like one central layer (in utils or smth) for all the higher level JS SDKs that reexposes certain options. That way we wouldn't have to do this for all SDKs separately. (When we have Astro, Next.js, Sveltekit, and probably a million others soon (luc.js :P))

Reviewer 3: > We could have like one central layer (in utils or smth) for all the higher level JS SDKs that reexposes certain options

Hmm good idea! Let's see how things develop in Astro. Maybe we can extract this layer/API out for the next (!== NextJs) SDK or use it in existing SDKs when we break in v8.

### Tree Shaking Optional Code With Sentry Bundler Plugins

If you are using one of our bundler plugins, you can use the `bundleSizeOptimizations` configuration option to tree shake optional code:

```javascript
sentryPlugin({
  // other config
  excludeDebugStatements: true,
  excludePerformanceMonitoring: true,
  excludeReplayCanvas: true,
  excludeReplayIframe: true,

>   excludeReplayShadowDom: true,

Reviewer: We are missing the surrounding `bundleSizeOptimizations` here.

Author: oops, damn! 😅

});
```

For more details, see the documentation for the specific bundler plugin you're using:

- [Sentry Webpack Plugin](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sentry/webpack-plugin)
- [Sentry Vite Plugin](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sentry/vite-plugin)
- [Sentry Esbuild Plugin](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sentry/esbuild-plugin)
- [Sentry Rollup Plugin](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sentry/rollup-plugin)

<Note>
  This configuration is available since v2.9.0 of the bundler plugins.

> </Note>

Reviewer: I would probably move this right below the heading for now, since it is super new. Maybe this also doesn't need to be a note but just italic text. Idk.

**Attention:** `__SENTRY_TRACING__` must not be replaced with `false` when you're using any performance monitoring-related SDK features (e.g. `Sentry.startTransaction()`). This flag is intended to be used in combination with packages like `@sentry/next` or `@sentry/sveltekit`, which automatically include performance monitoring functionality.

<PlatformSection notSupported={["javascript.wasm", "javascript.cordova"]}>

`__RRWEB_EXCLUDE_CANVAS__`

: Replacing this flag with `true` will tree shake all code in the SDK that is related capturing canvas elements with Session Replay. This is only relevant when using [Session Replay](../../session-replay/). You can enable this flag if you don't have any canvas elements on your page you care to record.

`__RRWEB_EXCLUDE_IFRAME__`

: Replacing this flag with `true` will tree shake all code in the SDK that is related capturing iframe content with Session Replay. This is only relevant when using [Session Replay](../../session-replay/). You can enable this flag if you don't have any iframes on your page you care to record.

`__RRWEB_EXCLUDE_SHADOW_DOM__`

> : Replacing this flag with `true` will tree shake all code in the SDK that is related capturing shadow dom elements with Session Replay. This is only relevant when using [Session Replay](../../session-replay/). You can enable this flag if you don't have any shadow dom elements on your page you care to record.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
: Replacing this flag with `true` will tree shake all code in the SDK that's related to capturing shadow dom elements with Session Replay. This is only relevant when using [Session Replay](../../session-replay/). Enable this flag if you don't have any shadow dom elements on your page you want to record.
```

</PlatformSection>

<PlatformSection notSupported={["javascript.nextjs", "javascript.sveltekit", "javascript.remix", "javascript.astro"]}>

### Tree Shaking Optional Code With Sentry Bundler Plugins

> _This configuration is available since v2.9.0 of the bundler plugins._

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_This configuration is available starting with v2.9.0 of the bundler plugins._
```

> If you are using one of our bundler plugins, you can use the `bundleSizeOptimizations` configuration option to tree shake optional code:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you're using one of our bundler plugins, you can use the `bundleSizeOptimizations` configuration option to tree shake optional code:
```
